Data quality june updates (#645)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2020-06/2-option-screen-revamp.md

# New: option screen revamp

> ::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Data Governance" available="end-June" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-simple-and-multi-selects-attribute-options.html"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Attribute options, Data Governance" available="late-June" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-simple-and-multi-selects-attribute-options.html"
```

> ::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Attribute Options, Data Governance" available="late June" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-simple-and-multi-selects-attribute-options.html"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Attribute Options, Data Governance" available="late June" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-your-attributes.html#manage-simple-and-multi-selects-attribute-options"
```

:::

> Because single and multi-select attributes are in the top 5, we improved the 'option screen' user experience to ease creating or editing attribute options.

Reviewer: I feel the "are in the top 5" is not really clear. Which "top 5"?

Reviewer: No single quote in Help center text.

> Because single and multi-select are among the most used attributes, we improved the `Option screen` user experience to ease creating or editing attribute options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We improved the `Option screen` user experience to ease creating or editing attribute options, as the single and multi-select attributes are among the attributes you use the most.
```
I'll invert the two parts of the sentence to start right away with what's new. Sounds more impactful.

> We improved the `Option screen` user experience to ease creating or editing attribute options, as the single and multi-select attributes are among the attributes you use the most.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have improved the `Attribute option screen` to make it easier to create or edit attribute options, since single and multi-select attributes are among the attributes you use the most.
```

> We have improved the `Attribute option screen` to make it easier to create or edit attribute options, since single and multi-select attributes are among the attributes you use the most.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The attribute options screen for single and multiple-select attributes has been completely redesigned to give you a better user experience.

Navigate more easily between your option codes and their translations, and manage your attribute options more efficiently! 
```

> Apart from a great design and improved visibility on content, nothing has changed: you can still create and edit options for all your activated locales.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

![Duplicate action in the `...` menu](../img/new-option-screen.png)

> We felt we could do more to help you ensure data quality and ease your way to a great PX Score... so we are planning new improvements for next month. Stay tuned :wink:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We felt we could do more to help you ensure data quality and ease your way to a great PX Score... so we are planning new improvements for next month. Stay tuned! :wink:
```

::: more

> [Manage simple and multi selects attribute options](../articles/manage-simple-and-multi-selects-attribute-options)  

Reviewer: Should be a question -> see here. https://www.notion.so/akeneo/Creating-Serenity-updates-content-86430cfb26ae4ee791052308f1586d67

Reviewer: Link won't work, it's missing the ".html" part.

> [Manage simple and multi selects attribute options](../articles/manage-simple-and-multi-selects-attribute-options.html)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[What are attributes?](../articles/what-is-an-attribute.html)  
[How to manage simple and multi-select attributes?](../articles/manage-your-attributes.html#manage-simple-and-multi-selects-attribute-options)
```

# Better manage your attribute options
::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Attribute Options, Productivity, Data Governance" available="late June" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-your-attributes.html#manage-simple-and-multi-selects-attribute-options"
:::

The attribute options screen for single and multiple-select attributes has been completely redesigned to give you a better user experience.

Navigate more easily between your option codes and their translations, and manage your attribute options more efficiently! 

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

![New option screen](../img/new-option-screen.png)

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
